
Hi Amit,
  Here is the work items we completed in January.

1. 3 clients in total enabled for IHCM.
   6 IHCM sample reports have been packaged and deployed
   Several iHCM defects are fixed in the release.
   Code enhancements to reduce the #of objects created.
   Replication mismatches detection script is ready but couldnt rollout yet due to unavailabity of the admin tool.
      we are working on porting it to run independent of the admin pages.

2. Vantage 17.1 release has been delivered to IAT,
    This includes below major changes:
    a. Vantage field grabber changes for HR pages
       Work in progress to include PAYROLL pages as well with weekly deployments to IAT.
    b. Enhanced client derived fields support
    c. Employee Pay Plan related changes
    d. Additional information file has been added along with support for 60 CDF fields.
    e. ADPR support for State id info pages originally added in Vantage 16.2)
    f. Threshold hours for part-time employees on State W4 pages
    g. Fix for ~15 Vantage global fields not showing their labels.
    h. A new Vantage benefits file created & corresponding HWSE file.
    i. Off cycle check reason codes file is now reportable for all clients
    j. Time Info, Time Info Details file are made effective dated.
     ****(US617262 get the report sqls and check performance)
    k. obsolete fields removed from paygroup table to match Vantage
      *****(US622079 could have perf impact.. check load test)


3. EI9 development and security rules implementation has been complete.
   Testing is in progress along with EI9 team.


4. GHCM integration side row-level security implementation has been complete.
   There have been several discussions on whitelist implementaiton and its been agreed that
   SR will make a rest call to get the white list at the time of user login, instead of populating
   it offline.
   SSO has been implemented.

5. Report Central changes
   Catalog changes to provide additional infor for std reports
   has been added.

6. WFN NAPR work in progress
   Performance fixes for ACA and Timecard files in progress.

7. Enterprise GA rollout changes expected from POs.
